Basic Custard:
  - 1 large egg per 2 slices of cheapo store-bought sandwich bread.
      If using thicker bread, just eyeball how many sandwich slices it be.
      Stale bread is best because it holds structure better.
      Fresh bread is usable but will be a little flimsy and soft.
  
  - 1.5 Tbsp -> 1/8th cup(2 Tbsp). 
      Total non-egg liquid volume should be at most half of egg volume.
      ?
 
  - 2 Tbps of liquid sweetener (1 Tbsp sweetened condensed milk, 1 Tbsp maple syrup)
      Using liquid sweeteners to ensure the sugar is well distributed through the bread.
  
  - 1 Tsp Vanilla Extract
      Pretty much necessary

  - At least 1/2 Tsp salt.
      Probably use a little more than you think you need.
      Can be fixed with a sprinkle of thiccc salt or salty condiment after cooking.

(Optional) Addons: Seems to be about 1/2 Tsp to really come out in flavor.
  - Ginger
  - Cinnamon
  - Nutmeg( an exception to the 1/2 Tsp bit because a little goes along way. Also toxic in large doses.)
  - Sweet soy sauce.
      It works.

Steps:
  1. Adjust recipe to desired amount of toast.
  2. Beat eggs thoroughly until they are a consistent color and texture.
        You do not want blobs of egg white or yolk turning into a rough scramble on the outside of your bread.
  3. Mix all custard ingredients into eggs.
  4. Heat up a non-stick or cast-iron pan with a pad of butter at low, medium-low, or medium temp.
        Stainless is suboptimal because the heat at which it becomes non-stick is too hot for french toast.
        If the pan is too hot, the custard on the outside will overcook before the custard on the inside is ready.
        If using thicker bread, lean towards a lower temp for a longer cook time to ensure the center gets cooked enough.
  5. Soak a slice of bread in the custard until it is thoroughly saturated.
  6. Drop soaked bread into the pan and let it cook until the bottom is browned.
        If the bottom browns right away, turn down the heat.
        If a lot of custard is seeping out, turn the heat up.
        If a lot of custard is seeping out AND it's browning too fast, turn heat down and lower soak time.
  7. Flip the slice and allow to cook until both sides are browned and the slice feels springy but firm (190f).
  8. Move the slice onto a plate and test it for taste and consistency.
        Inside should be moist, but not wet. Nothing should be oozing out of the bread.
        Taste is subjective. Make small adjustments as you go until satisfied.
  9. Repeat 5-7.
        

Todo: 
  - Try adding cornstarch in custard mix to improve texture.
  - Experiment with breading the bread for crispy exterior?
